Modern Artists DAO

Mission:
Create a governance token backed DAO with the expressed purpose of giving monthly micro grants to artists.

Overview:
Functionally, it would operate very similarly to Pool.Together. Users would stake stablecoins into a liquidity pool, and interest would be earned on those stablecoins. Also like Pool Together, this would be “winner-take-all”, with one participant receiving all the interest accrued in a given month. Users can withdraw their funds at any time, so this is effectively a no-loss (other than tx fees) service.

The difference, is that instead of the winner being chosen randomly, the winner would be user selected, with votes coming from a governance token provided to those who have staked in the pool. 

To qualify to be a winner, users will have to submit potential art projects they are seeking a grant for to the Modern Artists DAO community. 

Examples

Artist A is looking for a grant to cover recording & mixing fees for a new album
Artist B is looking for a grant to cover supplies & labor for painting a new mural
Artist C is looking for a grant to create a light installation to support their live performances
Artist D is attempting to go on their first national tour

The community votes throughout the month, and a winner is selected at the end of each month.

—

Requirements:

Adapt Pool Together smart contract to allow for governance selected winners instead of random ones
Create & distribute governance tokens
To keep things as egalitarian as possible, each person would be given 1 vote per wallet address
Obviously users could create numerous wallets, so some thinking will have to be done on token distribution to preserve the fairness of the voting
Build UI that allows for artists to upload projects to a given “grant” template and simultaneously allows for trustless voting that takes place on chain
Thinking here is that users post their public address alongside each upload so voters can select that public address with their governance token vote.

Considerations:

Consider setting up Modern Artists DAO as a 501-3c non-profit organization, and encourage corporate sponsors to lock up funds for various time periods to help increase the interest rewards.

